Enhancements to user guide analyzing content (#331)
redhat-documentation/vale-at-red-hat: modules/user-guide/pages/analyze-vale-app.adoc

// Metadata for Antora

> :navtitle: Analyzing with the Red Hat Vale app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:navtitle: Using Vale-at-Red-Hat online
```

Reviewer: Can we standardize/simplify by using the title of the app, "Vale-at-Red-Hat online", throughout?

:keywords: vale, app

> :description: Describes how to quickly get started with Vale and analyze a batch of content by using the Vale app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Quickly get started with Vale and analyze a batch of content by using the Vale app.
```

:page-aliases: end-user-guide:get-started-vale-app.adoc
// End of metadata for Antora
// Metadata for Modular Docs
:context: assembly_getting-started-with-vale
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
// End of metadata for Modular Docs
[id="proc_linting-vale-cli_{context}"]
= Analyzing your content by using the Red Hat Vale web app

> If you are new to Vale and want to quickly get started without installing the client and prerequisites, use the web-based version of Vale. The Red Hat web app is preconfigured to analyze your content by using Red Hat style rules. The `vale-at-red-hat`` rules are built in and there is no need to install and maintain the Vale client and the `vale-at-red-hat`` style rules. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To quickly get started, you can use a web-based version of Vale with the Red Hat style rules.
```

> If you are new to Vale and want to quickly get started without installing the client and prerequisites, use the web-based version of Vale. The Red Hat web app is preconfigured to analyze your content by using Red Hat style rules. The `vale-at-red-hat`` rules are built in and there is no need to install and maintain the Vale client and the `vale-at-red-hat`` style rules. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get familiar with Vale without installing the Vale software on your local machine, you can use Vale-at-Red-Hat online. This web app is preconfigured to analyze your content by using Red Hat's style rules.
```

> With the web app, you can run Vale on one source file at a time. You can also analyze a section of a content file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Maybe fold this into the following step.

> * To use the Vale starter app, enter https://vale.vercel.app/ in any browser, paste your AsciiDoc content, and click *Lint*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To use the Vale starter app, visit https://vale.vercel.app/ , paste your content or drop a content file in the app window, and click *Lint*.
```

* By default, the Red Hat Vale web app displays warnings and errors only. You can also display suggestions by using options menu on the left. 

[NOTE]
====

> The [vale.vercel.com](https://vale.vercel.app/) web app is graciously hosted and funded by an individual Red Hatter for low-volume use. For regular production use, please install and run Vale with the RedHat style on your local machine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [vale.vercel.com](https://vale.vercel.app/) web app is graciously hosted and funded by an individual Red Hatter for low-volume use. For regular production use, please install and run Vale with the `RedHat` style on your local machine. 
```

// Metadata for Antora
:navtitle: Analyzing with the Red Hat Vale app
:keywords: vale, app

> :description: Describes how to quickly get started with Vale and analyze a batch of content by using the Vale app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Quickly analyze content by using the Red Hat Vale app online. No installation required.
```

:page-aliases: end-user-guide:get-started-vale-app.adoc
// End of metadata for Antora
// Metadata for Modular Docs
:context: assembly_getting-started-with-vale
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
// End of metadata for Modular Docs
[id="proc_linting-vale-cli_{context}"]
= Analyzing your content by using the Red Hat Vale web app

If you are new to Vale and want to quickly get started without installing the client and prerequisites, use the web-based version of Vale. The Red Hat web app is preconfigured to analyze your content by using Red Hat style rules. The `vale-at-red-hat`` rules are built in and there is no need to install and maintain the Vale client and the `vale-at-red-hat`` style rules. 

With the web app, you can run Vale on one source file at a time. You can also analyze a section of a content file.

* To use the Vale starter app, enter https://vale.vercel.app/ in any browser, paste your AsciiDoc content, and click *Lint*.

> * By default, the Red Hat Vale web app displays warnings and errors only. You can also display suggestions by using options menu on the left. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* By default, the Red Hat Vale web app displays warnings and errors only. You can also display suggestions by using the options menu on the left. 
```

////

> [IMPORTANT]
> ====
> Add disclaimer about the support of the app here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
The [vale.vercel.com](https://vale.vercel.app/) web app is graciously hosted and funded by an individual Red Hatter for low-volume use. For regular production use, please install and run Vale with the RedHat style on your local machine. 
```

:page-aliases: end-user-guide:running-vale-cli.adoc
// End of metadata for Antora
// Metadata for Modular Docs
:context: assembly_getting-started-with-vale
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
// End of metadata for Modular Docs
[id="proc_linting-vale-cli_{context}"]
= Analyzing your content by using the Red Hat Vale web app

If you are new to Vale and want to quickly get started without installing the client and prerequisites, use the web-based version of Vale. The Red Hat web app is preconfigured to analyze your content by using Red Hat style rules. The `vale-at-red-hat`` rules are built in and there is no need to install and maintain the Vale client and the `vale-at-red-hat`` style rules. 

With the web app, you can run Vale on one source file at a time. You can also analyze a section of a content file.

* To use the Vale starter app, enter https://vale.vercel.app/ in any browser, paste your AsciiDoc content, and click *Lint*.

* By default, the Red Hat Vale web app displays warnings and errors only. You can also display suggestions by using options menu on the left. 

////

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Add disclaimer about the support of the app here.

Author: @rolfedh - Do you have any suggestions for providing guidance about the supportability of the app?
